X Sp. Def 6:Immensely raises Special Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
Pink Scarf:Raises holder's Cute aspect in a Contest.
Wiki Berry:Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
Calcium:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base Sp. Atk (Special Attack) stat of a single Pokémon.
Ultra Ball:An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokémon catch rate than a Great Ball.
Earth Plate:Increases power of Ground-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ground.
Sea Incense:Increases the power of Water-type moves.
Ampharosite:Enables Ampharos to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM41:Teaches the move Softboiled/ThunderPunch/Torment.
TM93:Teaches the move Wild Charge.
TM24:Teaches the move Thunderbolt/DragonBreath.
Rindo Berry:Weakens a supereffective Grass-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Reaper Cloth:A cloth imbued with horrifyingly strong spiritual energy. It is loved by a certain Pokémon.
Dawn Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokémon evolve. It sparkles like eyes.
HM05:Teaches the move Flash/Defog/Whirlpool/Waterfall.
TM33:Teaches the move Ice Punch/Reflect.
Charizardite X:Enables Charizard to Mega Evolve during battle.
HM03:Teaches the move Surf.
Magnet:Increases the power of Electric-type moves.
Ice Heal:A spray-type medicine. It defrosts a Pokémon that has been frozen solid.
Escape Rope:A long, durable rope. Use it to escape instantly from a cave or a dungeon.
Haban Berry:Weakens a supereffective Dragon-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Alakazite:Enables Alakazam to Mega Evolve during battle.
Muscle Band:Increases the power of Physical-category moves.
Insect Plate:Increases power of Bug-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Bug.
Ether:It restores the PP of a Pokémon’s selected move by a maximum of 10 points.
HM07:Teaches the move Waterfall.
PP Up:It slightly raises the maximum PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
TinyMushroom:A small and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
Absolite:Enables Absol to Mega Evolve during battle.
Premier Ball:A somewhat rare Poké Ball that has been specially made to commemorate an event of some sort.
TM20:Teaches the move Rage/Endure/Safeguard.
Electirizer:A box packed with a tremendous amount of electric energy. It is loved by a certain Pokémon.
Dusk Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon at night or in dark places like caves.
Water Gem:Increases the power of a Water-type move only once.
Wave Incense:Increases the power of Water-type moves.
Zoom Lens:Raises a move's accuracy if the holder moves after its target.
Destiny Knot:A long, thin, bright-red string to be held by a Pokémon. If the holder becomes infatuated, the foe does too.
Pamtre Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Grepa Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Def stat.
Red Scarf:Raises holder's Cool aspect in a Contest.
Heracronite:Enables Heracross to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM11:Teaches the move BubbleBeam/Sunny Day.
Leaf Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKéMON evolve. It has a leaf pattern.
TM72:Teaches the move Avalanche/Volt Switch.
BrightPowder:Lowers the opponent’s accuracy.
Shed Shell:A tough, discarded carapace to be held by a Pokémon. It enables the holder to switch with a waiting Pokémon in battle.
Electric Gem:Increases the power of an Electric-type move only once.
TM14:Teaches the move Blizzard.
DeepSeaScale:Increases Special Defense when held by Clamperl.
Wise Glasses:Increases the power of Special-category moves.
Mago Berry:Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
Chill Drive:Changes Techno Blast to an Ice-type move when held by Genesect.
Dragon Gem:Increases the power of a Dragon-type move only once.
Gooey Mulch:A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
DeepSeaTooth:Increases Special Attack when held by Clamperl.
X Accuracy:Raises Accuracy of a Pokémon in battle.
TM42:Teaches the move Dream Eater/Facade.
Fire Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKéMON evolve. It is colored orange.
Prism Scale:A mysterious scale that evolves certain Pokémon. It shines in rainbow colors.
NeverMeltIce:Increases the power of Ice-type moves.
Cover Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea in ancient times. It appears to be part of its back.
Salac Berry:Raises Speed when HP is low.
TM61:Teaches the move Will-O-Wisp.
TM18:Teaches the move Counter/Rain Dance.
TM02:Teaches the move Razor Wind/Headbutt/Dragon Claw.
Skull Fossil:A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a head.
Lagging Tail:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is tremendously heavy and makes the holder move slower than usual.
TM50:Teaches the move Substitute/Nightmare/Overheat.
Timer Ball:A somewhat different BALL that becomes progressively better the more turns there are in a battle.
Payapa Berry:Weakens a supereffective Psychic-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Sky Plate:Increases power of Flying-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Flying.
Roller Skates:Attaches roller skates to the bottom of your shoes, allowing you to glide quickly around and perform tricks.
Qualot Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Defense stat.
Dive Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on Pokémon that live underwater.
HM06:Teaches the move Whirlpool/Rock Smash/Dive.
Persim Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it recovers from confusion.
TM44:Teaches the move Rest.
Spelon Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Choice Specs:Raises Special Attack, but only one move can be used.
TM53:Teaches the move Energy Ball.
X Special 6:Immensely raises Special Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
White Flute:A toy flute made from white glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Amulet Coin:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles a battle’s prize money if the holding Pokémon joins in.
TM34:Teaches the move Bide/Swagger/Shock Wave/Sludge Wave.
Clever Wing:Increases Special Defense EVs by 1.
Fighting Gem:Increases the power of a Fighting-type move only once.
TM96:Teaches the move Nature Power.
Oval Charm:An oval charm said to increase the chance of Pokémon Eggs being found at the Day Care.
TM66:Teaches the move Payback.
Permit:A permit that is needed to enter the Nature Preserve. Not many know about it.
Park Ball:A special Poké Ball for the Pal Park.
Manectite:Enables Manectric to Mega Evolve during battle.
Blue Scarf:Raises holder's Beauty aspect in a Contest.
Rocky Helmet:If the holder of this item takes damage, the attacker will also be damaged upon contact.
Light Ball:An item to be held by PIKACHU. It is a puzzling orb that raises the Attack and Sp. Atk stat.
HM08:Teaches the move Dive/Rock Climb.
Flame Plate:Increases power of Fire-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fire.
Relic Copper:A copper coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Ring Target:Moves that would otherwise have no effect will land on the Pokémon that holds it.
Repel:An item that prevents weak wild Pokémon from appearing for 100 steps after its use.
TM79:Teaches the move Dark Pulse/Frost Breath.
Iron Plate:Increases power of Steel-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Steel.
Repeat Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on Pokémon species that were previously caught.
X Attack 6:Immensely raises Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Petaya Berry:Raises Special Attack when HP is low.
Hyper Potion:A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokémon by 200 points.
Pomeg Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base HP.
Nanab Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM74:Teaches the move Gyro Ball.
Metronome:Increases the power of moves used consecutively.
TM95:Teaches the move Snarl.
TM48:Teaches the move Rock Slide/Fire Punch/Skill Swap/Round.
Icy Rock:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of the move Hail used by the holder.
Heat Rock:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of the move Sunny Day used by the holder.
Pure Incense:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
Shuca Berry:Weakens a supereffective Ground-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Power Lens:A Pokémon held item that promotes Sp. Atk gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Aerodactylite:Enables Aerodactyl to Mega Evolve during battle.
Razor Claw:Increases critical-hit ratio.
TM54:Teaches the move False Swipe.
Full Heal:A spray-type medicine. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokémon.
Pecha Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it recovers from poison.
Chople Berry:Weakens a supereffective Fighting-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
X Attack 3:Drastically raises Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Medichamite:Enables Medicham to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM49:Teaches the move Tri Attack/Fury Cutter/Snatch/Echoed Voice.
Max Repel:An item that prevents weak wild Pokémon from appearing for 250 steps after its use.
Dusk Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is as dark as dark can be.
Fire Gem:Increases the power of a Fire-type move only once.
Tanga Berry:Weakens a supereffective Bug-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Odd Incense:Increases the power of Psychic-type moves.
TM40:Teaches the move Skull Bash/Defense Curl/Aerial Ace.
Elixir:It restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokémon by 10 points each.
Enigma Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it restores its HP if it is hit by any supereffective attack.
Stable Mulch:A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM89:Teaches the move U-turn.
EnergyPowder:A very bitter medicine powder. It restores the HP of one POKéMON by 50 points.
TM65:Teaches the move Shadow Claw.
Antidote:A spray-type medicine. It lifts the effect of poison from one Pokémon.
Holo Caster:A device that allows users to receive and view hologram clips at any time. It is also used to chat with others.
Poké Doll:A doll that attracts Pokémon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokémon.
Shock Drive:Changes Techno Blast to an Electric-type move when held by Genesect.
TM55:Teaches the move Brine/Scald.
Dire Hit 2:It can be used many times to raise the critical-hit ratio of one Pokémon. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
Mental Herb:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It snaps the holder out of infatuation. It can be used only once.
Wht Apricorn:A white Apricorn. It doesn’t smell like anything.
Lemonade:A very sweet drink. It restores the HP of one POKéMON by 80 points.
Reveal Glass:A looking glass that reveals the truth. It’s a mysterious glass that returns a Pokémon to its original shape.
Up-Grade:A transparent device filled with all sorts of data. It was produced by Silph Co.
Quick Claw:An item to be held by a Pokémon. A light, sharp claw that lets the bearer move first occasionally.
TM46:Teaches the move Psywave/Thief.
Scope Lens:Increases critical-hit ratio.
Aspear Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it defrosts it.
Sharp Beak:Increases the power of Flying-type moves.
Nest Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokémon in the wild.
Quick Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that provides a better catch rate if it is used at the start of a wild encounter.
Nomel Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM58:Teaches the move Endure/Sky Drop.
TM35:Teaches the move Metronome/Sleep Talk/Flamethrower.
X Defend 3:Drastically raises Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
TM97:Teaches the move Dark Pulse.
X Special 2:Sharply raises Special Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Choice Scarf:Raises Speed, but only one move can be used.
Intriguing Stone:A rather curious stone that might appear to be valuable to some. It’s all in the eye of the beholder.
Friend Ball:A Poké Ball that makes caught Pokémon more friendly.
Charcoal:Increases the power of Fire-type moves.
TM08:Teaches the move Body Slam/Rock Smash/Bulk Up.
Soothe Bell:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a bell with a comforting chime that calms the holder and makes it friendly.
X Defend 6:Immensely raises Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
Rowap Berry:If held by a Pokémon and a special attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
Shell Bell:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder’s HP is restored a little every time it inflicts damage.
Sprinklotad:A watering can shaped like a Lotad. It helps promote the healthy growth of any Berries planted in good, soft soil.
TM86:Teaches the move Grass Knot.
Silk Scarf:Increases the power of Normal-type moves.
Ice Gem:Increases the power of an Ice-type move only once.
Sport Ball:A special Poké Ball for the Bug-Catching Contest.
X Special 3:Drastically raises Special Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Rock Gem:Increases the power of a Rock-type move only once.
Abomasite:Enables Abomasnow to Mega Evolve during battle.
Great Ball:A good, high-performance Ball that provides a higher Pokémon catch rate than a standard Poké Ball.
Dropped Item:The Xtransceiver found at the Nimbasa City amusement park. It seems it belongs to a boy.
X Special:Raises Special Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Aggronite:Enables Aggron to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM29:Teaches the move Psychic.
Gardevoirite:Enables Gardevoir to Mega Evolve during battle.
Sweet Heart:Very sweet chocolate.   It restores the HP of one Pokémon by only 20 points.
Lum Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it recovers from any status problem.
Luxury Ball:A comfortable Poké Ball that makes a caught wild Pokémon quickly grow friendly.
Heavy Ball:A Poké Ball for catching very heavy Pokémon.
Looker Ticket:A ticket that was handmade by Looker. It’s decorated with a liberal amount of glittery paint.
Charizardite Y:Enables Charizard to Mega Evolve during battle.
Oran Berry:If held by a Pokémon,  it heals the user by just 10 HP.
Comet Shard:A shard which fell to the ground when a comet approached. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Plume Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that flew in the sky in ancient times. It appears to be part of its wing.
Mawilite:Enables Mawile to Mega Evolve during battle.
Metal Coat:Increases the power of Steel-type moves.
Magost Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Eviolite:A mysterious evolutionary lump. When held, it raises the Defense and Sp. Def of a Pokémon that can still evolve.
TM10:Teaches the move Double-Edge/Hidden Power.
Metal Powder:Increases Defense when held by Ditto.
Grass Gem:Increases the power of a Grass-type move only once.
Normal Gem:Increases the power of a Normal-type move only once.
Stardust:Lovely, red-colored sand with a loose, silky feel. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
TM09:Teaches the move Take Down/Psych Up/Bullet Seed/Venoshock.
TM69:Teaches the move Rock Polish.
Honor Of Kalos:A precious symbol that is awarded only to an individual who has done great things for the Kalos region.
Magmarizer:A box packed with a tremendous amount of magma energy. It is loved by a certain Pokémon.
Guard Spec.:Prevents stat reduction for five turns.
Kelpsy Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Attack stat.
Poké Ball:A device for catching wild Pokémon. It is thrown like a ball at the target. It is designed as a capsule system.
Gengarite:Enables Gengar to Mega Evolve during battle.
Cheri Berry:If held by a Pokémon,  it recovers from paralysis.
TM25:Teaches the move Thunder.
Ganlon Berry:Raises Defense when HP is low.
Relic Gold:A gold coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Iron Ball:A Pokémon held item that cuts Speed. It makes Flying-type and levitating holders susceptible to Ground moves.
Potion:A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokémon by just 20 points.
TM45:Teaches the move Thunder Wave/Attract.
TM23:Teaches the move Dragon Rage/Iron Tail/Smack Down.
Shoal Salt:Pure salt that can be discovered deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Heal Ball:A remedial Poké Ball that restores the caught Pokémon’s HP and eliminates any status problem.
TM52:Teaches the move Focus Blast.
Parlyz Heal:A spray-type medicine. It eliminates paralysis from a single Pokémon.
Aguav Berry:Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
Pearl String:Very large pearls that sparkle in a pretty silver color.  A maniac will buy them for a high price.
TM83:Teaches the move Natural Gift/Work Up/Infestation.
Damp Rock:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of the move Rain Dance used by the holder.
Claw Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a claw.
Heal Powder:A very bitter medicine powder. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokémon.
Rare Bone:A bone that is extremely valuable for Pokémon archeology. It can be sold for a high price to shops.
HM01:Teaches the move Cut.
TM12:Teaches the move Water Gun/Sweet Scent/Taunt.
Relic Statue:A stone figure made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Ylw Apricorn:A yellow Apricorn. It has an invigorating scent.
X Accuracy 6:Immensely raises Accuracy of a Pokémon in battle.
Dubious Disc:A transparent device overflowing with dubious data. Its producer is unknown.
Kangaskhanite:Enables Kangaskhan to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM92:Teaches the move Trick Room.
TM91:Teaches the move Flash Cannon.
Dragon Scale:A thick and tough scale. Dragon-type Pokémon may be holding this item when caught.
Draco Plate:Increases power of Dragon-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Dragon.
Quick Powder:Increases Speed when held by Ditto.
Pass Orb:A mysterious orb containing the power of the Unova region, to be used when generating Pass Power.
Kasib Berry:Weakens a supereffective Ghost-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
TM56:Teaches the move Fling.
Toxic Plate:Increases power of Poison-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Poison.
Venusaurite:Enables Venusaur to Mega Evolve during battle.
Ability Urge:When used, it activates the Ability of an ally Pokémon.
X Accuracy 3:Drastically raises Accuracy of a Pokémon in battle.
Black Belt:Increases the power of Fighting-type moves.
Reset Urge:When used, it restores any stat changes of an ally Pokémon.
TM76:Teaches the move Stealth Rock/Struggle Bug.
TM98:Teaches the move Power-Up Punch.
Prof's Letter:A letter that Professor Sycamore wrote to your mother. A faint but pleasant perfume seems to cling to the paper.
Red Flute:A toy flute made from red glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Dire Hit:Raises critical-hit ratio of a Pokémon in battle.
Blue Shard:A small blue shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
Durin Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Helix Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a seashell.
TM06:Teaches the move Toxic.
TM26:Teaches the move Earthquake.
Steel Gem:Increases the power of a Steel-type move only once.
Heart Scale:A pretty, heart-shaped scale that is extremely rare. It glows faintly in the colors of the rainbow.
Poison Barb:Increases the power of Poison-type moves.
TM30:Teaches the move Teleport/Shadow Ball.
X Speed 3:Drastically raises Speed of a Pokémon in battle.
Max Elixir:It fully restores the PP of all the moves learned by the targeted Pokémon.
Casteliacone:Castelia City’s specialty, soft-serve ice cream. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokémon.
Stick:Increases critical-hit ratio when held by Farfetch'd.
Flame Orb:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a bizarre orb that inflicts a burn on the holder in battle.
Charti Berry:Weakens a supereffective Rock-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
TM94:Teaches the move Rock Smash.
TM01:Teaches the move Mega Punch/DynamicPunch/Focus Punch/Hone Claws.
Flying Gem:Increases the power of a Flying-type move only once.
Luck Incense:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It doubles a battle’s prize money if the holding Pokémon joins in.
Yellow Shard:A small yellow shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
Max Potion:A spray-type medicine for wounds. It completely restores the HP of a single Pokémon.
Protector:A protective item of some sort. It is extremely stiff and heavy. It is loved by a certain Pokémon.
TM07:Teaches the move Horn Drill/Zap Cannon/Hail.
Toxic Orb:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a bizarre orb that badly poisons the holder in battle.
Max Ether:It fully restores the PP of a single selected move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
X Defend 2:Sharply raises Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
Yellow Scarf:Raises holder's Tough aspect in a Contest.
Iron:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base Defense stat of a single Pokémon.
Mewtwonite X:Enables Mewtwo to Mega Evolve during battle.
Psychic Gem:Increases the power of a Psychic-type move only once.
Dark Gem:Increases the power of a Dark-type move only once.
Leppa Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it restores a move’s PP by 10.
Lansat Berry:Increases critical-hit ratio when HP is low.
Miracle Seed:Increases the power of Grass-type moves.
Poison Gem:Increases the power of a Poison-type move only once.
Blu Apricorn:A blue Apricorn. It smells a bit like grass.
X Speed:Raises Speed of a Pokémon in battle.
BalmMushroom:A rare mushroom which gives off a nice fragrance. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Berry Juice:A 100% pure juice made of Berries. It restores the HP of one Pokémon by just 20 points.
Starf Berry:Sharply raises a random stat when HP is low.
HP Up:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base HP of a single Pokémon.
Big Mushroom:A large and rare mushroom. It is sought after by collectors.
X Accuracy 2:Sharply raises Accuracy of a Pokémon in battle.
Yellow Flute:A toy flute made from yellow glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Life Orb:Increases the power of moves, but loses HP each turn.
Carbos:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base Speed stat of a single Pokémon.
Power Herb:A single-use item to be held by a Pokémon. It allows the immediate use of a move that charges on the first turn.
Muscle Wing:Increases Attack EVs by 1.
Douse Drive:Changes Techno Blast to a Water-type move when held by Genesect.
TM17:Teaches the move Submission/Protect.
TM63:Teaches the move Embargo.
Air Balloon:When held by a Pokémon, the Pokémon will float into the air. When the holder is attacked, this item will burst.
Griseous Orb:Increases the power of Dragon- and Ghost-type moves when held by Giratina, and changes it to Origin Forme.
X Speed 6:Immensely raises Speed of a Pokémon in battle.
Gyaradosite:Enables Gyarados to Mega Evolve during battle.
TM57:Teaches the move Charge Beam.
Red Shard:A small red shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
Blazikenite:Enables Blaziken to Mega Evolve during battle.
Power Belt:A Pokémon held item that promotes Defense gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Spooky Plate:Increases power of Ghost-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ghost.
TM38:Teaches the move Fire Blast.
Big Pearl:A quite-large pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
TM32:Teaches the move Double Team.
Chesto Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it recovers from sleep.
Cornn Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM70:Teaches the move Flash.
TM43:Teaches the move Sky Attack/Detect/Secret Power/Flame Charge.
TM84:Teaches the move Poison Jab.
Rabuta Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Full Incense:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is an exotic-smelling incense that makes the holder bloated and slow moving.
Smooth Rock:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of the move Sandstorm used by the holder.
Pinsirite:Enables Pinsir to Mega Evolve during battle.
Root Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a plant root.
Custap Berry:Holder can move first when HP is low.
Armor Fossil:A fossil from a prehistoric Pokémon that lived on the land. It appears to be part of a collar.
Master Ball:The best Ball with the ultimate level of performance. It will catch any wild Pokémon without fail.
Focus Sash:An item to be held by a Pokémon. If it has full HP, the holder will endure one potential KO attack, leaving 1 HP.
Banettite:Enables Banette to Mega Evolve during battle.
Moon Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKéMON evolve. It is as black as the night sky.
Figy Berry:Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
Elevator Key:A card key that activates the elevator in Lysandre Labs. It is emblazoned with Team Flare’s logo.
Absorb Bulb:A consumable bulb. If the holder is hit by a Water-type move, its Sp. Atk will rise.
PP Max:It maximally raises the top PP of a selected move that has been learned by the target Pokémon.
TM27:Teaches the move Fissure/Return.
Dragon Fang:Increases the power of Dragon-type moves.
TM78:Teaches the move Captivate/Bulldoze.
Coba Berry:Weakens a supereffective Flying-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Meadow Plate:Increases power of Grass-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Grass.
TM28:Teaches the move Dig.
TM85:Teaches the move Dream Eater.
Black Flute:A toy flute made from black glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM75:Teaches the move Swords Dance.
Kebia Berry:Weakens a supereffective Poison-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Mystic Water:Increases the power of Water-type moves.
Fresh Water:Water with a high mineral content. It restores the HP of one POKéMON by 50 points.
Tamato Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Speed stat.
Blk Apricorn:A black Apricorn It has an indescribable scent.
Sacred Ash:It revives all fainted Pokémon. In doing so, it also fully restores their HP.
Tyranitarite:Enables Tyranitar to Mega Evolve during battle.
Resist Wing:Increases Defense EVs by 1.
TM81:Teaches the move X-Scissor.
Chilan Berry:Weakens a Normal-type attack against the Pokémon holding this berry.
Babiri Berry:Weakens a supereffective Steel-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Plasma Card:A card key needed to enter the password inside the Plasma Frigate.
TM22:Teaches the move SolarBeam.
Cherish Ball:A quite rare Poké Ball that has been specially crafted to commemorate an occasion of some sort.
Lax Incense:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The tricky aroma of this incense may make attacks miss the holder.
Occa Berry:Weakens a supereffective Fire-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Dome Fossil:A fossil of an ancient Pokémon that lived in the sea. It appears to be part of a shell.
Belue Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Black Sludge:A held item that gradually restores the HP of Poison-type Pokémon. It inflicts damage on all other types.
TM88:Teaches the move Pluck/Sleep Talk.
King's Rock:An item to be held by a Pokémon. When the holder inflicts damage, the target may flinch.
Rock Incense:Increases the power of Rock-type moves.
Watmel Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Wacan Berry:Weakens a supereffective Electric-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Rawst Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it recovers from a burn.
X Attack:Raises Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
Nugget:A nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
Colbur Berry:Weakens a supereffective Dark-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Love Ball:Poké Ball for catching Pokémon that are the opposite gender of your Pokémon.
Cleanse Tag:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It helps keep wild Pokémon away if the holder is the first one in the party.
TM03:Teaches the move Swords Dance/Curse/Water Pulse/Psyshock.
TM90:Teaches the move Substitute.
TM36:Teaches the move Selfdestruct/Sludge Bomb.
Swift Wing:Increases Speed EVs by 1.
TM19:Teaches the move Seismic Toss/Giga Drain/Telekinesis/Roost.
Yache Berry:Weakens a supereffective Ice-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Pinap Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TMV Pass:A commuter pass that allows the holder to ride the TMV between Lumiose City and Kiloude City at any time.
Relic Vase:A vase made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Dream Ball:A special Poké Ball that appears out of nowhere in a bag at the Entree Forest. It can catch any Pokémon.
TM04:Teaches the move Whirlwind/Rollout/Calm Mind.
Old Amber:A piece of amber that contains the genetic material of an ancient Pokémon. It is clear with a reddish tint.
X Sp. Def 2:Sharply raises Special Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
TwistedSpoon:Increases the power of Psychic-type moves.
Garchompite:Enables Garchomp to Mega Evolve during battle.
Green Scarf:Raises holder's Smart aspect in a Contest.
Pnk Apricorn:A pink Apricorn. It has a nice, sweet scent.
BlackGlasses:Increases the power of Dark-type moves.
Grip Claw:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of multiturn attacks like Bind and Wrap.
Cell Battery:A consumable battery. If the holder is hit by an Electric-type move, its Attack will rise.
Pixie Plate:Increases power of Fairy-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fairy.
Net Ball:A somewhat different Poké Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokémon.
Level Ball:A Poké Ball for catching Pokémon that are a lower level than your own.
Awakening:A spray-type medicine. It awakens a Pokémon from the clutches of sleep.
Burn Drive:Changes Techno Blast to a Fire-type move when held by Genesect.
Lustrous Orb:Increases the power of Dragon-​ and Water-type moves when held by Palkia.
Macho Brace:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is a stiff and heavy brace that promotes strong growth but lowers Speed.
DNA Splicers:A splicer that fuses Kyurem and a certain Pokémon. They are said to have been one in the beginning.
TM15:Teaches the move Hyper Beam.
Super Repel:An item that prevents weak wild Pokémon from appearing for 200 steps after its use.
Star Piece:A shard of a pretty gem that sparkles in a red color. It can be sold at a high price to shops.
Lure Ball:A Poké Ball for catching Pokémon hooked by a Rod when fishing.
TM67:Teaches the move Recycle/Retaliate.
Mewtwonite Y:Enables Mewtwo to Mega Evolve during battle.
Leftovers:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder’s HP is gradually restored during battle.
TM87:Teaches the move Swagger.
White Herb:An item to be held by a POKéMON. It restores any lowered stat in battle. It can be used only once.
Shoal Shell:A pretty seashell that can be found  deep inside the Shoal Cave. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM13:Teaches the move Snore/Ice Beam.
Micle Berry:Increases a move's accuracy when HP is low.
Relic Band:A bracelet made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Choice Band:Raises Attack, but only one move can be used.
Everstone:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The Pokémon holding this peculiar stone is prevented from evolving.
Moomoo Milk:Milk with a very high nutrition content. It restores the HP of one Pokémon by 100 points.
Float Stone:A very light stone. It reduces the weight of a Pokémon when held.
Safari Ball:A special Poké Ball that is used only in the Great Marsh. It is decorated in a camouflage pattern.
Shiny Charm:A shiny charm said to increase the chance of finding a Shiny Pokémon in the wild.
TM47:Teaches the move Explosion/Steel Wing/Low Sweep.
Red Card:A card with a mysterious power. When the holder is struck by a foe, the attacker is removed from battle.
Wepear Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Item Drop:When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to drop a held item.
Item Urge:When used, it causes an ally Pokémon to use its held item.
Iapapa Berry:Restores HP if it's low, but may cause confusion.
Super Potion:A spray-type medicine for wounds. It restores the HP of one Pokémon by 50 points.
Expert Belt:Increases the power of super-effective moves.
Soul Dew:Increases both Special Attack and Special Defense when held by Latios or Latias.
TM82:Teaches the move Sleep Talk/Dragon Tail.
SilverPowder:Increases the power of Bug-type moves.
Lava Cookie:LAVARIDGE TOWN’s local specialty. It heals all the status problems of one POKéMON.
Wide Lens:Increases the accuracy of moves.
Eject Button:If the holder is hit by an attack, it will switch with another Pokémon in your party.
Relic Crown:A crown made in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Binding Band:A band that increases the power of binding moves when held.
TM16:Teaches the move Pay Day/Icy Wind/Light Screen.
Smoke Ball:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It enables the holder to flee from any wild Pokémon without fail.
Blastoisinite:Enables Blastoise to Mega Evolve during battle.
Ghost Gem:Increases the power of a Ghost-type move only once.
X Attack 2:Sharply raises Attack of a Pokémon in battle.
HM02:Teaches the move Fly.
Thick Club:Increases Attack when held by Cubone or Marowak.
Shiny Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokémon evolve. It shines with a dazzling light.
Sun Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKéMON evolve. It is as red as the sun.
TM60:Teaches the move Drain Punch/Quash.
Lucky Egg:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It is an egg filled with happiness that earns extra Exp. Points in battle.
Lucarionite:Enables Lucario to Mega Evolve during battle.
Apicot Berry:Raises Special Defense when HP is low.
Razz Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Ground Gem:Increases the power of a Ground-type move only once.
Revive:A medicine that revives a fainted Pokémon. It restores half the Pokémon’s maximum HP.
Scizorite:Enables Scizor to Mega Evolve during battle.
Power Band:A Pokémon held item that promotes Sp. Def gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Health Wing:Increases HP EVs by 1.
Honey:A sweet honey with a lush aroma that attracts wild Pokémon when it is used in grass, caves, or on special trees.
Water Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is a clear, light blue.
Poké Toy:An item that attracts Pokémon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokémon.
Power Plant Pass:This pass serves as an ID card for gaining access to the power plant that lies along Route 13.
Blue Flute:A toy flute made from blue glass. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM100:Teaches the move Confide.
Focus Band:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder may endure a potential KO attack, leaving it with just 1 HP.
Jaboca Berry:If held by a Pokémon and a physical attack lands, the attacker also takes damage.
Pretty Wing:Though this feather is beautiful, it’s just a regular feather and has no effect on Pokémon.
TM59:Teaches the move Dragon Pulse/Incinerate.
Green Shard:A small green shard. It appears to be from some sort of implement made long ago.
TM99:Teaches the move Dazzling Gleam.
TM71:Teaches the move Stone Edge.
Big Nugget:A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Genius Wing:Increases Special Attack EVs by 1.
Growth Mulch:A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
TM21:Teaches the move Mega Drain/Frustration.
TM77:Teaches the move Psych Up.
Zap Plate:Increases power of Electric-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Electric.
Power Bracer:A Pokémon held item that promotes Attack gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Protein:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base Attack stat of a single Pokémon.
Full Restore:A medicine that fully restores the HP and heals any status problems of a single Pokémon.
Rose Incense:Increases the power of Grass-type moves.
Houndoominite:Enables Houndoom to Mega Evolve during battle.
Icicle Plate:Increases power of Ice-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Ice.
Soda Pop:A fizzy soda drink. It restores the HP of one POKéMON by 60 points.
Colress Machine:A special device that wrings out the potential of Pokémon. It is an imperfect prototype.
TM68:Teaches the move Giga Impact.
TM05:Teaches the move Mega Kick/Roar.
Bluk Berry:A Berry which is very rare in the Unova region. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Medal Box:A box-shaped machine that stores Medals and Medal information.
Power Weight:A Pokémon held item that promotes HP gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Energy Root:A very bitter root. It restores the HP of one POKéMON by 200 points.
TM39:Teaches the move Swift/Rock Tomb.
Grn Apricorn:A green Apricorn. It has a mysterious, aromatic scent.
Damp Mulch:A fertilizer to be spread on soft soil in regions where Berries are grown. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Grubby Hanky:A handkerchief dropped by a regular at Café Warehouse. It smells faintly like a Pokémon.
Max Revive:A medicine that revives a fainted Pokémon. It fully restores the Pokémon’s HP.
TM62:Teaches the move Silver Wind/Acrobatics.
Fast Ball:A Poké Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokémon which are quick to run away.
Oval Stone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of Pokémon evolve. It is shaped like an egg.
Passho Berry:Weakens a supereffective Water-type attack against the holding Pokémon.
Bug Gem:Increases the power of a Bug-type move only once.
Mind Plate:Increases power of Psychic-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Psychic.
TM37:Teaches the move Egg Bomb/Sandstorm.
Power Anklet:A Pokémon held item that promotes Speed gain on leveling, but reduces the Speed stat.
Hondew Berry:Using it on a Pokémon makes it more friendly, but it also lowers its base Sp. Atk stat.
TM31:Teaches the move Mimic/Mud-Slap/Brick Break.
Red Apricorn:A red Apricorn. It assails your nostrils.
Exp. Share:An item to be held by a Pokémon. The holder gets a share of a battle’s Exp. Points without battling.
Burn Heal:A spray-type medicine. It heals a single Pokémon that is suffering from a burn.
TM64:Teaches the move Explosion.
Odd Keystone:A vital item that is needed to keep a stone tower from collapsing. Voices can be heard from it occasionally.
Lucky Punch:Increases critical-hit ratio when held by Chansey.
Adamant Orb:Increases the power of Dragon-​ and Steel-type moves when held by Dialga.
HM04:Teaches the move Strength.
Stone Plate:Increases power of Rock-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Rock.
Dire Hit 3:It can be used many times to greatly raise a Pokémon’s critical-hit ratio. It wears off if the Pokémon is withdrawn.
X Speed 2:Sharply raises Speed of a Pokémon in battle.
Liechi Berry:Raises Attack when HP is low.
Dread Plate:Increases power of Dark-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Dark.
TM80:Teaches the move Rock Slide.
Fist Plate:Increases power of Fighting-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Fighting.
Sitrus Berry:If held by a Pokémon, it heals the user’s HP a little.
Lens Case:A rather chic-looking case for carrying contact lenses.
Pearl:A somewhat-small pearl that sparkles in a pretty silver color. It can be sold cheaply to shops.
X Defend:Raises Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
Sticky Barb:A held item that damages the holder on every turn. It may latch on to foes and allies that touch the holder.
Fluffy Tail:An item that attracts Pokémon. Use it to flee from any battle with a wild Pokémon.
Spell Tag:Increases the power of Ghost-type moves.
Adventure Rules:This book contains all the points a new Trainer needs to know on a journey. It was handmade by a kind friend.
X Sp. Def:Raises Special Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
TM73:Teaches the move Thunder Wave.
X Sp. Def 3:Drastically raises Special Defense of a Pokémon in battle.
Soft Sand:Increases the power of Ground-type moves.
Old Gateau:Old Chateau’s hidden specialty. It heals all the status problems of a single Pokémon.
Relic Silver:A silver coin used in a civilization about 3,000 years ago. A maniac will buy it for a high price.
Zinc:A nutritious drink for Pokémon. It raises the base Sp. Def (Special Defense) stat of a single Pokémon.
Light Clay:A Pokémon held item that extends the duration of barrier moves like Light Screen and Reflect used by the holder.
Fairy Gem:Increases the power of a Fairy-type move only once.
TM51:Teaches the move Roost/Ally Switch/Steel Wing.
Moon Ball:A Poké Ball for catching Pokémon that evolve using the Moon Stone.
Hard Stone:Increases the power of Rock-type moves.
Rare Candy:A candy that is packed with energy. It raises the level of a single Pokémon by one.
Splash Plate:Increases power of Water-type moves. Changes Arceus' type to Water.
Revival Herb:A very bitter medicinal herb. It revives a fainted Pokémon, fully restoring its HP.
Big Root:Recovers more HP from HP-stealing moves.
Razor Fang:An item to be held by a Pokémon. It may make foes and allies flinch when the holder inflicts damage.
Thunderstone:A peculiar stone that makes certain species of POKéMON evolve. It has a thunderbolt pattern.
