Telepathy:Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
Cute Charm:Contact with the Pokémon may cause infatuation.
Grass Pelt:Boosts the Defense stat in Grassy Terrain.
Fur Coat:Reduces damage from physical moves.
Sweet Veil:Prevents the Pokémon and allies from falling asleep.
Levitate:Gives immunity to Ground type moves.
Insomnia:Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
Rain Dish:The Pokémon gradually regains HP in rain.
Poison Touch:May poison targets when a Pokémon makes contact.
Bulletproof:Protects the Pokémon from ball and bomb moves.
Suction Cups:Negates all moves that force switching out.
Pixilate:Turns Normal-type moves into Fairy-type moves.
Solar Power:In sunshine, Sp. Atk is boosted but HP decreases.
Serene Grace:Boosts the likelihood of added effects appearing.
Bad Dreams:Reduces a sleeping foe's HP.
Iron Barbs:Inflicts damage to the Pokémon on contact.
Minus:Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Poison Heal:Restores HP if the Pokémon is poisoned.
Stench:The stench may cause the target to flinch.
Oblivious:Prevents it from becoming infatuated.
Turboblaze:Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Forecast:Castform transforms with the weather.
Wonder Skin:Makes status-changing moves more likely to miss.
Klutz:The Pokémon can't use any held items.
Battle Armor:The Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Sheer Force:Removes added effects to increase move damage.
Filter:Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
Dark Aura:Raises power of Dark type moves for all Pokémon in battle.
Reckless:Powers up moves that have recoil damage.
Weak Armor:Physical attacks lower Defense and raise Speed.
Sticky Hold:Protects the Pokémon from item theft.
Flower Gift:Powers up party Pokémon when it is sunny.
Shield Dust:Blocks the added effects of attacks taken.
Refrigerate:Turns Normal-type moves into Ice-type moves.
Honey Gather:The Pokémon may gather Honey from somewhere.
Pickup:The Pokémon may pick up items.
Chlorophyll:Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in sunshine.
Natural Cure:All status problems heal when it switches out.
White Smoke:Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Mold Breaker:Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Solid Rock:Reduces damage from supereffective attacks.
Moxie:Boosts Attack after knocking out any Pokémon.
Early Bird:The Pokémon awakens quickly from sleep.
Aura Break:The effects of “Aura” Abilities are reversed.
Color Change:Changes the Pokémon's type to the foe's move.
Imposter:It transforms itself into the Pokémon it is facing.
Magma Armor:Prevents the Pokémon from becoming frozen.
Poison Point:Contact with the Pokémon may poison the attacker.
Multitype:Changes type to match the held Plate.
Storm Drain:Draws in all Water-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
Defeatist:Lowers stats when HP becomes half or less.
Multiscale:Reduces damage when HP is full.
Magic Guard:The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.
Pure Power:Raises the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Gluttony:Encourages the early use of a held Berry.
Toxic Boost:Powers up physical attacks when poisoned.
Protean:Changes the Pokémon's type to its last used move.
Shell Armor:The Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Keen Eye:Prevents other Pokémon from lowering accuracy.
Strong Jaw:Boosts the power of biting moves.
Prankster:Gives priority to a status move.
Rattled:Bug, Ghost or Dark type moves scare it and boost its Speed.
Static:Contact with the Pokémon may cause paralysis.
Cursed Body:May disable a move used on the Pokémon.
Arena Trap:Prevents the foe from fleeing.
Aftermath:Damages the attacker landing the finishing hit.
Sniper:Powers up moves if they become critical hits.
Illuminate:Raises the likelihood of meeting wild Pokémon.
Immunity:Prevents the Pokémon from getting poisoned.
Limber:The Pokémon is protected from paralysis.
Flare Boost:Powers up special attacks when burned.
Soundproof:Gives immunity to sound-based moves.
Liquid Ooze:Damages attackers using any draining move.
Fairy Aura:Raises power of Fairy type moves for all Pokémon in battle.
Tough Claws:Boosts the power of contact moves.
Flame Body:Contact with the Pokémon may burn the attacker.
Sturdy:It cannot be knocked out with one hit.
No Guard:Ensures attacks by or against the Pokémon land.
Tinted Lens:Powers up “not very effective” moves.
Own Tempo:Prevents the Pokémon from becoming confused.
Iron Fist:Boosts the power of punching moves.
Water Absorb:Restores HP if hit by a Water-type move.
Aerilate:Turns Normal-type moves into Flying-type moves.
Mummy:Contact with this Pokémon spreads this Ability.
Light Metal:Halves the Pokémon's weight.
Flower Veil:Prevents lowering of ally Grass-type Pokémon's stats.
Damp:Prevents the use of self-destructing moves.
Intimidate:Lowers the foe's Attack stat.
Moody:Raises one stat and lowers another.
Anticipation:Senses a foe's dangerous moves.
Wonder Guard:Only supereffective moves will hit.
Quick Feet:Boosts Speed if there is a status problem.
Hydration:Heals status problems if it is raining.
Normalize:All the Pokémon's moves become the Normal type.
Regenerator:Restores a little HP when withdrawn from battle.
Sand Force:Boosts certain moves' power in a sandstorm.
Hyper Cutter:Prevents other Pokémon from lowering Attack stat.
Illusion:Comes out disguised as the Pokémon in back.
Torrent:Powers up Water-type moves in a pinch.
Magic Bounce:Reflects status- changing moves.
Heavy Metal:Doubles the Pokémon's weight.
Anger Point:Maxes Attack after taking a critical hit.
Unnerve:Makes the foe nervous and unable to eat Berries.
Clear Body:Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Heatproof:Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
Symbiosis:The Pokémon can pass an item to an ally.
Victory Star:Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself.
Simple:The Pokémon is prone to wild stat changes.
Zen Mode:Changes the Pokémon's shape when HP is halved.
Justified:Raises Attack when hit by a Dark-type move.
Thick Fat:Ups resistance to Fire- and Ice-type moves.
Parental Bond:Allows the Pokémon to attack twice.
Big Pecks:Protects the Pokémon from Defense-lowering attacks.
Cheek Pouch:Restores additional HP when a Berry is consumed.
Tangled Feet:Raises evasion if the Pokémon is confused.
Sand Stream:The Pokémon summons a sandstorm in battle.
Gale Wings:Gives priority to Flying-type moves.
Guts:Boosts Attack if there is a status problem.
Hustle:Boosts the Attack stat, but lowers accuracy.
Frisk:The Pokémon can check a foe's held item.
Vital Spirit:Prevents the Pokémon from falling asleep.
Overgrow:Powers up Grass-type moves in a pinch.
Lightning Rod:Draws in all Electric-type moves to up Sp. Attack.
Ice Body:The Pokémon gradually regains HP in a hailstorm.
Pressure:The Pokémon raises the foe's PP usage.
Run Away:Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.
Gooey:Contact with the Pokémon lowers the attacker's Speed stat.
Volt Absorb:Restores HP if hit by an Electric-type move.
Scrappy:Enables moves to hit Ghost-type Pokémon.
Motor Drive:Raises Speed if hit by an Electric-type move.
Pickpocket:Steals an item when hit by another Pokémon.
Forewarn:Determines what moves a foe has.
Swift Swim:Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in rain.
Trace:The Pokémon copies a foe's Ability.
Overcoat:Protects the Pokémon from damage from weather.
Sap Sipper:Boosts Attack when hit by a Grass-type move.
Rivalry:Deals more damage to a Pokémon of same gender.
Snow Warning:The Pokémon summons a hailstorm in battle.
Adaptability:Powers up moves of the same type.
Contrary:Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
Dry Skin:Reduces HP if it is hot. Water restores HP.
Swarm:Powers up Bug-type moves in a pinch.
Stall:The Pokémon moves after all other Pokémon do.
Huge Power:Raises the Pokémon's Attack stat.
Effect Spore:Contact may poison or cause paralysis or sleep.
Competitive:Raises Special Attack when the Pokémon's stats are lowered.
Sand Rush:Boosts the Pokémon's Speed in a sandstorm.
Cloud Nine:Eliminates the effects of weather.
Truant:Pokémon can't attack on consecutive turns.
Teravolt:Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Air Lock:Eliminates the effects of weather.
Analytic:Boosts move power when the Pokémon moves last.
Drought:Turns the sunlight harsh if it is in battle.
Super Luck:Heightens the critical-hit ratios of moves.
Shadow Tag:Prevents the foe from escaping.
Rock Head:Protects the Pokémon from recoil damage.
Unburden:Raises Speed if a held item is used.
Defiant:When its stats are lowered its Attack increases.
Magnet Pull:Prevents Steel-type Pokémon from escaping.
Infiltrator:Passes through the foe's barrier and strikes.
Technician:Powers up the Pokémon's weaker moves.
Speed Boost:Its Speed stat is gradually boosted.
Magician:The Pokémon steals the held item of a Pokémon it hits with a move.
Skill Link:Increases the frequency of multi-strike moves.
Synchronize:Passes a burn, poison, or paralysis to the foe.
Download:Adjusts power according to a foe's defenses.
Flash Fire:It powers up Fire-type moves if it's hit by one.
Harvest:May create another Berry after one is used.
Friend Guard:Reduces damage done to allies.
Plus:Ups Sp. Atk if another Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Stance Change:The Pokémon changes form depending on how it battles.
Mega Launcher:Boosts the power of aura and pulse moves.
Aroma Veil:Protects allies from attacks that limit their move choices.
Inner Focus:The Pokémon is protected from flinching.
Steadfast:Raises Speed each time the Pokémon flinches.
Rough Skin:Inflicts damage to the attacker on contact.
Leaf Guard:Prevents problems with status in sunny weather.
Unaware:Ignores any stat changes in the Pokémon.
Drizzle:The Pokémon makes it rain if it appears in battle.
Shed Skin:The Pokémon may heal its own status problems.
Blaze:Powers up Fire-type moves in a pinch.
Sand Veil:Boosts the Pokémon's evasion in a sandstorm.
Slow Start:Temporarily halves Attack and Speed.
Snow Cloak:Raises evasion in a hailstorm.
Compound Eyes:The Pokémon's accuracy is boosted.
Marvel Scale:Ups Defense if there is a status problem.
Water Veil:Prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Healer:May heal an ally's status conditions.
